hi YouTube this is Manish next tool and
today I'm going to be doing a little
tutorial for you and that's how to get
sticker it's how you get a sticker
residue off your bike you see here I got
some residue from the sticker on my fit
vf1 relatively now just a couple months
like four months I've had this bike only
thing I've done to it is taking the
breaks off
just change the grips I got some sorry
just the food check out some on DK like
grips decays schuko grips on their
softer than what I had and I like I'm
kind of soft so that's pretty good but
let's get on to the tutorial down here
so you can see there is the residue
in what we're gonna do things are gonna
get real good rag probably be better if
it was clean but I don't have any clean
ones so this one will do and uh plain
old wd-40 don't need a nozzle or
anything give it a good shake because
that's what is advised on the can
Kalon focus see shake camel um just you
know give the rag some good sprays get
the wet spot of your rag and I might
focus on this
you can get
see how good this
this gets rid of all that sorry if you
can't really see it's kind of hard to do
with one hand but there you can already
see the UM it's already looking a lot
better I'm gonna finish that up just you
know really kind of get in there with
both of my hands and I'll get back to
you when it's done
all right I just finished gone back in
and as you can see the results much
better than what we had before uh as you
can see right here um if anyone knows
what these little pieces are called that
are supposed to go into these holes
police still mix I need I need some cuz
I am just you know retard and I break
them all the time that's it I guess I
could do a little bike check but I'll
save that for a separate video thanks
for watching if this tutorial helped you
please give me a thumbs up mini ramps :
if you noticed give me a thumbs up
comment if you have any questions or
also comment if you know what those
little things are uh yeah let's creamish
it thanks for watching bye